**What has been done so far:

1- The search is performed mostly on the metadata of around 870000 english books. A few hebrew books were added as well. A 
   total of 400 topics were created from this data using Topic Modeling (LDA ALGORITHM) and each topic has a total of 19 words. 
   English Topics were created using http://mallet.cs.umass.edu/
   Hebrew Topics were created using http://www.cs.bgu.ac.il/~nlpproj/LDAforHebrew.html
   For each Topic a word cloud was created with the words sized to match their weight in that topic. The weight was calculated
   through the results obtained from the LDA algorithm.
   
2- All the Data was stored in the database. This includes the original metadata of these books as well as the results obtained 
   from the LDA Algorithm. This data is used in order to help with the search.
   
3- A simple search interface was added in order to test the results and decide what can be done and improved.

**How is Search Performed:

1- Upon entering the search word, the program looks for that word in the words table that is stored in the database. 
   If the word entered is not found, an appropriate message will be displayed. A new word request is issued.
2- When the word is found in the database, it's id is then saved. Through the word id, we retrieve the topics id's that 
   this word is related to and get the first two.
3- The next step is the display of the word clouds for these topics. Upon choosing a word cloud, the id of the topic(wordcloud)
   is searched and the id of the highest 7 documents(files) that are related to that topic are being retrieved. 
4- In the last step, the book name is extracted from the content of the metadata for each document using the document(file) id.

**Things that can be improved and added.

1- Working on more data. Possibly adding languages such as French and Arabic while continuing to improve both the English and 
Hebrew ones.
2- With more data, it is possible to get better topics and more coherent ones. (Testing to check best number of topics).
3- Creating better word clouds.
4- Improving the Search Interface by adding more functionality to it. Possibility of searching for sentences as well as returning
more word clouds. The ability to click words within a word cloud rather than the word cloud itself.
5- Displaying the results in a better way.
